1st stab at policies and procedures (#22)
helpfulengineering/devops: documentation/policies.md

## Policies

> * All major cloud providers (GCP, Azure, AWS) are treated with equal preference.  Some centralized services may be deployed on once cloud over another based on staff experise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All major cloud providers (GCP, Azure, AWS) are treated with equal preference.  Some centralized services may be deployed on one cloud over another based on staff expertise.
```

Or something like:

* All major cloud providers (GCP, Azure, AWS) are treated with equal preference.  Some centralized services may be deployed on one cloud over another based on available resources such as staff expertise, cloud vendor support/implementation, or available credits.

* **Project teams are free to choose whichever platform they are most comfortable on and will be accomodated to the best degree possible by available staff.**

> * Not because we are aginst runnng infrastructure, but there is a definite preference for SaaS when possible in order for product teams to go fast

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Not because we are against running infrastructure, but there is a definite preference for SaaS when possible in order for product teams to go fast
```

Or something like:

* We encourage teams to assess SaaS offerings before pursuing custom implementation as we try to balance time to implement, operational overhead, and cost. Our goal is for project teams to deliver value as quickly as possible.
